In 2000, Polaroids made a huge comeback because
no one had phones.
And so, they reissued the Polaroid.
And, like, they became, like, the queer...
Everyone had them on their fridges.
And so, it was like, “Oh, this is a perfect
solution to the problem of...
How could I do this?
Would I take people’s names and then develop
the film and get them photographs?”
And that didn’t make sense.
And so, then it was like, this Polaroid idea
came up.
And to me, it was just perfect because, yeah,
it was instantaneous.
It eliminated issues around consent because
they would walk out the door with it.
I mean, sometimes I wouldn’t even see the
photo.
Like, sometimes they’d walk away before
it developed.
I mean, often they’d stay because they’d
be excited to look at it with me, and we’d
look at it and then they’d, you know, they’d
leave.
But it was just perfect.
And the aesthetic was awesome.
Like, Polaroids are just sexy.
You can’t take anything with a Polaroid
and it doesn’t look sexy.
So, I think the aesthetic was really cool
and interesting.
The immediacy of it was really wonderful.
And it meant that the, like, the experience
completed itself right in that moment and
could be shared, both with me, but with others
and...
Like, people would not have been willing to
do it, if they couldn’t walk away with that image.
Like, they knew that I wasn’t, you know,
that I wouldn’t be keeping anything of them.
So, I think that was very important.
I wish, I mean, now I’m like, “Oh my God,
I wish we had all those pictures.”
Because it would be such a great collection
of photos.
But, you know, that’s the nature of it.
It’s, like, ephemeral.
It disappears.